Steve:
It's board game night, baby!
Monopoly?
Uh, hell yeah!
Proceed directly to go!
Cards against humanity?
Uh, on your mark, get set,
laugh your ass off!
I've never seen
this one before.
Reciprocity:
The game of attitudes?
Sounds wicked boring, bro.
Actually, it seems like this
game could be low-key sick-ass.
So, you spend flash points
To move the question flag
and get answer points.
Unspent flash points
are called nullifiers.
Whoever reaches
flash point parity wins.
Any questions?
Um...
Great.
So, francine,
I rolled the conundrum die,
And it looks like you're
entering a probe period.
Oh, no!
No!
It's a good thing!
Or a bad thing?
You have to announce
how many nullifiers you have
In your quandary deck.
Oh. O-okay.
And it's okay to lie.
Oh!
Okay.
Mom decided to lie.
No, she didn't.
Okay.
Say the number.
Here it comes.
I have...
Three nullifiers.
You decided to tell the truth
at the last second.
No.
That's a lie.
I declare
reciprocity challenge.
Mom has three nullifiers.
It's embarrassingly obvious.
This game is stupid!
That's a disjunction!
That's two flash points.
Mom, don't get mad
because you're so easy to read.
I'm not mad!
[ laughs ]
Oh. Okay.
Sure, mom.
Look at her neck.
So red.
I'm not mad!
I just remembered
I'm, uh...
I'm getting an oil change
tomorrow
And I haven't driven enough
miles yet, so I got to go.
Sorry to run,
But we've had a lot of laughs
about me, and I like that.
Mom, don't go.
We were just having fun.
We don't want you to cry.
I'm not crying!
[ insects chirping ]
[ sobbing ]
Hayley:
Mom? We can hear you crying.
Come back.
I'm not crying!
I'm laughing!
[ laughing ]
[ engine revs ]
[ sobs ]
Jeff:
Mr. Klaus?
I swallowed a question flag, and
I need to go to the hospital.
♪♪
♪ good morning, u.S.A. ♪
♪ I got a feelin' that
it's gonna be a wonderful day ♪
♪ the sun in the sky
has a smile on his face ♪
♪ and he's shinin' a salute
to the american race ♪
♪ oh, boy, it's swell to say ♪
♪ good -- ♪
♪ good morning, u.S.A. ♪
Aah!
Francine:
[ sobbing ]
[ down-tempo music plays ]
[ tires screeching ]
[ sobs, wails ]
[ screaming ]
All right.
That's enough of this.
[ screams ]
[ tires screech ]
ow! Ow!
Ow! Ow!
I thought you hid in stan's car
every night.
Why were you
in mine?
Not proud of it, but I badly
needed some cash for funko pops,
Decided to steal
your catalytic converter,
Then I realized I don't know
what a catalytic converter is
Or where it is, even.
Thought it might be
in the footwell,
But it's dark down there,
and I fell asleep.
What's bothering you,
franny?
It's the kids.
They act like my every thought
is so obvious to them,
Like I'm just
a big old obvious mom.
And what gets me most upset
is they're right!
So they can read you
very easily,
And this makes you
unhappy?
What if they couldn't read you
so easily?
That might make you happy.
Probably not.
But I want it.
Sounds like you need
a poker face.
In a serendipitous
stroke of luck,
Tonight I'm being
the gambler!
The gambler?
Yes.
The gambler, from the song.
Although I have
a complicated relationship
With that song, frankly.
Is it a good song?
Yes.
Was kenny rogers able to get
his version of the story out
Before I could release
my book
Detailing when to hold them
and fold them?
Why is it good for me
that you're the gambler?
Because my game is poker.
And I think if we were able
to sit down
And play a little poker,
I could get a look
at your tells,
Figure out what's tipping steve
and hayley off
About your every thought.
I'm not sure.
There's your first tell.
Your broken posture says to me,
"I'm not sure."
I said it out loud.
The ultimate tell.
The only hard part
is finding a game.
Let's see.
Buckle has a treehouse game,
but it's a pretty rich crowd,
And also I struggle
with the rope ladder.
There's a game of five-card stud
in the sewers
Where the toilet water
gets all over you
And you're guaranteed to get bit
by rats,
But the downside is
I don't like stud.
Oh, there's also a nightly game
of hold'em
In the back of this
grocery store right here.
So the sewer game,
I guess?
No. Wait. The grocery store.
It's so close.
Most people don't know it,
but there's a lot of hot action
In the back of supermarkets
late at night.
[ men shouting ]
nope.
[ mid-tempo music playing ]
B-b-b-bingo!
I mean p-p-p-poker!
Francine,
meet the players.
Chinchilla slim,
an old lady who always wears
An enormous fur coat
and a cowboy hat.
Tom from the grocery store --
this grocery store.
He's got a nice, slim build,
but it's not in his name.
Then as usual,
there's three performers
From whatever traveling cirque
du soleil show is in town.
Their bodies are insane.
Am I talking about
people's bodies too much?
Let's just play cards.
I'll watch
for your tells,
And we'll talk
if I notice anything big.
Your eyes twitch
when you need a card,
You bite and spit your nails
when you're bluffing,
And when you get a face card,
you actually say, out loud,
"oh, mr. Mooney!"
I didn't know I was doing
any of that.
It's bad.
But don't despair.
You're with the gambler
himself.
Didn't you die
in that song?
Kenny took a lot of license
there.
I fell asleep very, very hard.
I did not die.
Roger, help me.
Surface tells are easy to handle
with props --
Wrist weights, fake lips,
mechanical ears.
But for the subtle, unconscious
tells, we have to go deeper.
If you'll allow me,
I'd like to guide you
Through a helpful
visualization technique.
All right.
Close your eyes.
I need you to picture yourself
standing alone
In a field of golden wheat --
barley if you know your grains.
[ down-tempo music plays ]
francine:
Oh, wow. I can see it.
Now I want you to back away
from yourself.
Let yourself get farther
and farther away --
Not so far
that you're gone,
But until you can't see
your face clearly.
Okay.
I'm far away.
How is this gonna help me hide
my feelings?
Open your eyes.
You won!
They couldn't read you!
Mm.
That was an incredible hand
To play so stone-faced,
little lady.
Huh.
Looks like my no-good kids
better watch out,
'cause mom isn't so easy to read
anymore.
[ men shouting ]
Aah!
That's right.
Look over there, not over here.
Last night was amazing,
roger.
I really felt like I could hide
my emotions --
Stan:
Where the hell have you been?!
I've been worried sick all...
The 10 minutes since I woke up
After sleeping nine hours
straight!
Excuse me. I have to take
this...Phone upstairs.
There's no call.
I'm sorry to worry you,
honey,
But after I got so upset
last night --
Upset?
But you repeatedly said
you weren't upset
Before you stormed off
in what I assumed was elation!
And what is this?
I can explain.
I should hope so,
Because if you think
I'm gonna let this slide --
Is that a fur coat?
I won that
from chinchilla s--
It's a man's coat,
right?
N-n-no.
Anyway, last night, I think
I learned something that's --
Some things aren't
a husband's business.
You were out.
Who am I to ask where?
I'm gonna make you some sausage
and peppers.
You've got to be hungry.
Or maybe you're not.
Maybe you ate.
It's not for me to know.
Mom.
Are you just getting home?
Oh, it just drives you crazy
to not know what I'm up to.
So you're...
Up to something?
Um...
Mom's up to something?
Steve!
What's going on?
It's a probe period!
What I actually said was,
"never count your money
when you're sittin' at the table
Because you should get one of
those money-counting machines.
They're faster."
hello?
The bastard kenny rogers
hung up on me!
Didn't he die years ago?
Sounds right.
I thought I had a poker face
now,
But it still feels like the kids
can see right through me.
Well, yeah.
I mean, you only did one night.
Getting a killer poker face
will take more hands than that.
Then I got to play more.
Is this really
the right solution
For your problem
with the kids?
It's your solution
that you recommended!
You passed my test.
How was it a test?
It was just an intricate
little test.
Let's go play poker!
♪♪
Chimdale stakes casino.
This is where
the constant action is.
It's very grim, but also
very bright at the same time.
You got to moisturize.
The cigarette smoke
will dry you out.
And eat your p fruits --
pears, peaches, plums --
Because all the sitting and
the red bulls will stop you up.
Look at this room.
There isn't a regular bm'er
in the lot.
Hemorrhoids
every which way.
Hey, it's chinchilla slim!
Hi, chinchilla slim!
You took the only coat I had
in this whole world!
Don't say hi to me.
I don't know anyone else yet.
What's that over there?
That area's
for high rollers.
The buy-in
is twice buckle's treehouse.
A lot of the players
you're seeing here
Will play the chimdale stakes
no-limit tournament next month.
Well, maybe I'll play
in that too.
[ spits ]
are you crazy?
The buy-in on that tournament
is so steep,
It's like buckle's treehouse
on crack.
Jack-high straight.
Flush!
Hearts aflutter!
No. No!
Rose, please!
Give me one more week!
[ dramatic music plays ]
the debt must be paid.
Mommy!
What the hell was that?
Keep your voice down.
That's frog rose,
frog ross's cruel sister.
She took over his chain
of successful foie grastaurants.
Anyway,
frog rose is a backer,
Someone who loans a player
betting money.
But she charges
such crazy interest,
You have to win right away
or...
[ fingers snap ]
she snaps you?!
She takes you away,
and you're never seen again.
I mean, maybe she does snap you
somewhere,
Behind closed doors --
I don't know.
The point is I don't work
with backers.
And you shouldn't either.
Of course, all my decisions
have left me completely broke
And alone,
but as god is my witness,
Nothing can stop me
from giving advice!
♪♪
You fiddle with your wedding
ring when you have a hot hand,
Especially two pair,
jacks with eyeballs.
Rubber electrician's gloves
will easily --
I'll just take the ring off.
I don't care.
Yikes.
♪♪
You're grinding your teeth
when you have a dead hand.
We need to go further
into the barley.
[ down-tempo music plays,
woman vocalizing ]
Three eighty, four hundred...
...Four hundred
and one!
And here's
a little something extra
'cause you look so cute
with your ass up in the air.
Ooh!
Who's oohing in here?
And about what?
♪♪
Your eyes wrinkle at the corners
when you're hunting clubs.
Time for wraparound
oakleys.
♪♪
[ laughing ]
[ rats squeaking ]
I'm on a bad run!
Somebody help me with my life!
Aah!
You tuck your chin when you're
trying to bait someone.
♪♪
[ grunting ]
Every time I come to whisper
in your ear is a huge tell.
I should stop,
but I can't.
Who is that woman?
That's the second table
she's run this week.
No one knows anything about her
or where she came from.
They started calling
her the pink sphinx.
Pink sphinx?
[ chuckles ]
that's a stupid-sounding name.
You got that right,
frog rose!
♪♪
I think you're ready to take
your poker face...
Up to the big table.
[ leaves crunching ]
So...Anything new
with anyone?
The fur?
I've always been a fur guy.
No.
What's going on with mom?
I bet we could guess.
You'd be wrong.
We've barely seen you
since game night
When you were so upset.
Nope.
What are you doing?
Another game?
[ heart beating ]
Yeah.
That's it.
But what game?
The glasses.
Why?
To hide the eyes?
A mask?
A poker face.
Run, francine!
No.
You're right.
I am playing poker.
I hope you're sticking to
small-time games.
Yeah.
With a poker face like that,
The real players
will eat you alive.
Actually,
I have a great poker face!
And I play in big,
big games!
I'm playing in the chimdale
stakes no-limit tournament!
I need to be
in that tournament.
Where are you gonna get
the money for the buy-in?
What about frog rose?
A total death sentence.
Let's brainstorm other ways.
Do you know what a catalytic
converter looks like
And where it is
on a car?
Frog rose: You did the right
thing coming to me, sugar.
I'll stake your buy-in.
I think you'll find the terms
very, very diabolical.
Although legally, they have to
be called nefarious.
Oh, those lousy lawyers.
Where do I sign?
Francine!
Welcome to the big leagues,
baby!
Busted!
S'up?
Mom, we've figured out
what's going on.
You have
a gambling problem!
Nope.
Then quit right now!
Nah.
Time for plan b --
Enter the tournament
and defeat you ourselves
To save you
from this addiction.
How could you both afford
the buy-in?!
We just pawned our dad's
huge fur-coat collection.
Oh!
That's smart!
We've got your number,
pink sphinx.
See you
at the final table.
It, uh, looks like
we're actually at your table
In the first round.
[ up-tempo music plays ]
♪♪
Damn!
I'm out.
I don't really know
how to play poker.
why I thought I did.
♪♪
All in.
Hmm.
Are you bluffing?
Harder to read than normal,
but...I still sense something.
[ down-tempo music plays ]
francine:
I need to go deeper.
[ woman vocalizing ]
♪♪
[ inhales deeply ]
Wow.
Maybe you can hide from me.
Still, my first instinct
was call.
A pair of 8s.
Sweet 16!
Absolutely nothing!
The toilet flush!
The underaged boy wins
the round!
♪ we saved our mom today ♪
♪ we saved that mom! ♪
Mom?
W-where are you going?
Did we save you?
[ down-tempo introduction
plays ]
[ engine revs ]
Roger:
♪ on a humid, swampy evening ♪
♪ in a swamp boat bound
for swampville ♪
♪ the pink sphinx was a-taken ♪
♪ to where, she could not ask ♪
♪ 'cause she died
inside her mind ♪
♪ to try to hide her tells ♪
♪ and what was once a poker face
is now a death mask ♪
Oh, it looks like winnin'
just wasn't in the cards,
My little moss blossom.
But don't worry.
You can spend eternity here,
in my big old wet casino
In the dead, dark heart
of the swamp!
[ laughs ]
[ dramatic music plays ]
[ mid-tempo music plays ]
Roger: ♪ well, the swamp witch
had old francine ♪
♪ and there was no one
that could stop her ♪
♪ then along came
her penitent kids ♪
♪ and a handsome man named me ♪
Hey, mom.
Keep runnin' into you
at casinos.
[ chuckles ]
Uh, but it seems like
we maybe didn't save you?
It seems like we maybe...
Doomed you...
Because we didn't understand
what was going on?
Well, well, well.
If it isn't the gambler.
Frog rose.
You think
you're such hot gumbo
Because kenny rogers
wrote a song about you.
Well, fred schneider of
the b-52s wrote "rock lobster"
After he saw moi get a nasty
sunburn at rehoboth beach.
Excuse me, but we want to take
our mom away from here.
Unfortunately,
I own her marker,
And at the rate
I'm paying her,
She won't be free to leave
in this lifetime.
What if we play you for her...
In a game of poker?
What are you putting up
for stake?
Us.
We'll work here forever too.
Ooh! That's what I was hoping
you'd say!
I love
that kind of shit.
Now join me
at my spookiest table.
So, which one of you kids
am I playing?
You'll be playing...
Mom.
She's the pink sphinx,
And you'll never get a read
on her in a million years.
You want to pick her?
She's a drooler, boy --
un zombo du zwamp,
A fan boat with no gas,
as it were.
Only because she thinks
we don't believe in her.
Maybe?
Is that it?
Why won't you talk?!
[ down-tempo music plays ]
[ insects chirping,
owl hooting ]
And now, with her own children
at stake,
She'll surely shake off
whatever this is!
Please, mom!
♪♪
If she doesn't play
before the game timer is up,
She forfeits.
What? Where did this hourglass
come from?
Gator goons,
this game is in the bag,
And you're about to have
two more cursed co-workers.
You're gonna have badges
and everything.
No breaks, though.
[ laughs ]
I can't read anything.
She's not there!
♪♪
[ grunts, screams ]
[ dramatic music plays ]
I got you!
You thought I was dead,
and I [bleep] got you!
She's back!
Mom's back!
You little rat punks.
You know me so well
from reading my frickin' body,
You can tell I'm upset before
I'm ready to talk about it!
Wow.
We didn't --
Shut up!
I'm ready to talk about it now.
I am upset!
I don't like game night!
I don't like this swamp!
I don't like poker!
I do like your father in fur.
I don't like you accusing me
of being upset,
Especially when I am!
And I don't like
these cards!
Don't say that
in front of you-know-who.
I can't win
with this trash --
2 of diamonds,
6 of hearts.
Trash!
You're not really telling me
your cards, are you?
What is this?
What's the play?
No play.
I have a bad hand.
All you have to do is stay
in the game and you'll beat me.
[ chuckles ]
cute.
But I'm too smart
for that old trick.
I fold.
[ groans ]
of all the foie grotten luck!
I tricked myself!
I guess this is mine.
Steve:
Time's up! You lose!
What?!
No!
We came all the way out
to the mangrove table for this?
[ engine revs ]
[ mid-tempo introduction plays ]
Roger: ♪ well, you better know
your mother ♪
♪ when you're teasin' her
on game night ♪
♪ know when to bother her ♪
[ frog croaks ]
♪ know when's enough ♪
♪ and you should count
your money ♪
♪ with one of those fast
and accurate counting machines ♪
♪ kenny rogers is a liar ♪
♪ sometimes a cliff's a bluff ♪
[ music ends ]
that's the take. That's the one.
Have a great night!